.\" Manpage for chonosFirmwareManager.
.\" Contact chon@grupo.cefet-rj.br.
.TH man 8 "25 Apr 2023" "1.0" "chonosFirmwareManager man page"

.SH NAME
chonosFirmwareManager \- ChonOS Firmware Layer Manager

.SH DESCRIPTION
A manager of the Firmware Layer for Embedded Multi-agent Systems.

List of options and arguments:

--help          \- shows this tutorial.

--list          \- shows all connected microcontrollers.

-s [sketck]     \- creates and compile a Firmware Project
    -f [file]   \- defines the .INO firmware code 
    -b [board]  \- defines the firmware board. Should be informed the FQDN (e.g., arduino:avr:uno)

-d [sketck]     \- deploys the Firmware Project
    -b [board]  \- defines the firmware board. Should be informed the FQDN (e.g., arduino:avr:uno)
    -p [port]   \- defines the USB port.

--listLibraries \- shows all instaled libraries.

-i [library]    \- imports a .ZIP library file.

.SH EXAMPLES
chonosFirmwareManager -i /tmp/mylibrary.zip
    Imports a library for the Arduino Libraries Folder

chonosFirmwareManager -s myproject -f /tmp/firmware.ino -b arduino:avr:mega
    Compiles the Firmware Project <myproject> using the source file </tmp/firmware.ino> for the Arduino Mega board  

chonosFirmwareManager -d teste -b arduino:avr:mega -p /dev/ttyACM0
    Deploys the previously compiled Firmware Project <myproject> for the Arduino Mega board connected at /dev/ttyACM0 port 

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Research Group in Cognitive Hardware On Networks: chon@grupo.cefet-rj.br

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2023 Chon Group <http://chon.group>.  License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <https://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.  There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

.SH AUTHOR
Lazarin N. M. <chon@grupo.cefet-rj.br>.